[Music]
nine everyday things you're doing wrong
our routines are usually pretty dull
aren't they
we performed so many small actions every
day that we never asked ourselves if
there's a right or wrong way to do them
it would be a great idea to pay for
attention please think to make all the
positive changes in your life for
instance did you know how to close an
open bag of chips in the Japanese way
watch the video to figure this trick out
[Music]
9 you think too much soap in the shower
Arthur becomes drier as the age and so
seeing an astringent only makes it work
try to use the minimum amount of soap
and only unnecessary areas that have
been sold soapy water running down your
body is more than enough to stay clean 8
working without panning your respirator
we all have our most productive work
time during those hours it seems easier
to concentrate feel alerted and inspired
and as a consequence achieve great
results the problem is you don't try to
find our productive hours we don't take
advantage of them you're motivated and
focus from 11:00 to 1:00 don't take a
break at 12 always plan your rest rate
so they don't kill your productivity
[Music]
seven answering your boss's whatsapp
messages you need to set boundaries
forcing work in private life
psychologists say we should never
discuss work problems or bring
professional relationships instant
messaging apps like whatsapp because we
consider them as something personal
also when you use what's happen your
relationships your superiors at work
they can see if you receive and read
their last message but chose with your
them sick adding oil to the pasta water
we all know this trick however adding
oil city water prevents the salty
sticking to the pasta to put the perfect
pasta and prevent it from sticking
together just use the right amount of
water four cups of water for 3.5 ounces
of dry pasta and six cups of water for
3.5 ounces of fresh pasta 5 drying your
hands using paper towels have you ever
wondered how much paper we use to dry
our hands in public toilets millions of
pounds there is a simple thing we also
do to care about our planet just shake
your hands thoroughly before drying them
with paper towels
you may be audience but it does help
save the world or breathing with your
chest concentrate on breathing using the
diaphragm not the chest proper
oxygenation conclude your nervous system
helps lower blood pressure reduces
inflammation and pain includes overall
physical health and keeps stress away if
you learn to breathe correctly
it will also help you manage your
emotions 3 brushing your teeth with only
horizontal movements brushing your teeth
with horizontal movements only and
forgetting the frost or probably the
most common form of period to take
proper brushing of the teeth involves
short vertical movements always
performed from the gums to the edge of
the juice however expression keep
horizontally is also necessary and one
more thing proper brushing should taste
food agree minutes unfortunately the
vast majority of us ignore the simple
rule
- starting to exercise without
preparation
remember that exercising too hard and
keeping warm up the corporation on your
body always includes warm-up and
flexibility exercise within your
workouts and increase efficiency
graduations to avoid injuries don't
forget to do stretching exercises at the
end of your workout one leaving a bag of
chips open some people use clips to seal
those half-eaten bag of chips and others
just leave them folded an app hoping
that the bag won't open there's a better
way to deal with those bad first flatten
out the top of the bag next fold over
the top one fold three more times to
make opening flaps is hittin away with
your thumbs tucked into the corner flat
then hold the two top corners
hold the top of the bag the other way
[Music]
this method was inspired by origami a
Japanese technique of folding paper to
create object did you enjoy watching
these daily life strips hit the like
button below help us make more useful
videos for you don't forget to click
Subscribe stay on the bright side of
life
you